Add fields to ig (sync with public api) (#58)
yandex-cloud/terraform-provider-yandex: website/docs/r/compute_instance_group.html.markdown

* `network_settings` - (Optional) Network acceleration type for instance. The structure is documented below.

> * `name` - (Optional) Name of the instance.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Optional) Name template of the instance.
```
?

> In order to be unique it must contain at least on of instance unique placeholders:   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to be unique it must contain at least one of instance unique placeholders:   
```

{instance.short_id}   
{instance.index}   
combination of {instance.zone_id} and {instance.index_in_zone}   
Example: my-instance-{instance.index}  
If not set, default is used: {instance_group.id}-{instance.short_id}   
It may also contain another placeholders, see metadata doc for full list.

> * `hostname` - (Optional) Host name for the instance.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hostname` - (Optional) Hostname template for the instance.
```

> This field is used to generate the [yandex.cloud.compute.v1.Instance.fqdn] value.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field is used to generate the FQDN value of instance.
```
?

> The host name must be unique within the network and region.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hostname must be unique within the network and region.   
```

> If not specified, the host name will be equal to [yandex.cloud.compute.v1.Instance.id] of the instance   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not specified, the hostname will be equal to id of the instance   
```

and FQDN will be `<id>.auto.internal`. Otherwise FQDN will be `<hostname>.<region_id>.internal`.   
In order to be unique it must contain at least on of instance unique placeholders:   
 {instance.short_id}   
 {instance.index}   
 combination of {instance.zone_id} and {instance.index_in_zone}   
Example: my-instance-{instance.index}   
If not set, `name` value will be used   

> It may also contain another placeholders, see metadata doc for full list.

Reviewer: Please set link for metadata doc.

Author: No documentetion :(
